Swellby PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is designed to assist users of our website in understanding how Swellby, utilizes and safeguards personal information which you may provide to Swellby and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our services. This Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our clients' and visitors' needs. If the privacy policy and procedures change, these changes will be posted on our website in the revised Privacy Policy. You will be bound by any subsequent changes in the privacy policy, even if you do not become aware of such changes. By subscribing to our services or accessing our sites, you agree to the collection and use of your information as described in the Privacy Policy and may be amended from time to time.

COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Swellby may collect information from its subscribers and visitors by permitting you to communicate directly with Swellby via e-mail or other electronic means. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable, that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your name, address, e-mail address, domain name and phone number. Each time you visit our website, the server automatically collects your Internet service provider's address, the web page from which you came, web browser software and a record of your activity while visiting our website.

As you navigate through our website, information can be collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as navigational data collection. Information may be gathered about your visit, such as the pages visited, type of computer, operating systems, and Internet service provider.

We collect information to understand what areas of our website are most popular and what technologies are being used by visitors. This information helps in updating our website and improving user experience. This information is also used for security purposes to detect and to block security breaches and to provide you with a safe online environment.

Our website is not intended for children under the age of 13. Swellby will not knowingly collect information from visitors in this age group.

USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Swellby may use your personal information to enhance the operation of our website and allow you to use its features. The information collected is used to improve the content and layout of our website. It may be used to customize the content, to notify clients about updates to our website. Swellby may contact you about new features or services in which it believes may interest you. Swellby does not share your personal information with third parties, unless explicitly approved by you. Swellby may provide aggregate statistics about users of our website, online traffic patterns and related information but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information. Swellby also will disclose any information that it is required to disclose by law or by an appropriate government authority. In the event that Swellby acquires another company or is acquired by a third party, customer information will likely be included among the transferred business assets.

USE OF COOKIES
When you visit our website, a cookie will be placed on your computer. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website's computer and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are required to use Swellby services. We use cookies to record current session information only.

THE USE AND SECURITY OF E-MAIL
If you ask a question or would like a response to a comment, the inclusion of an accurate, viable e-mail address is necessary in order for Swellby to provide a response. Swellby will occasionally send information or other notices regarding important changes to our website and new services which may be valuable to those people who do not opt-out. While Swellby uses commercially reasonable efforts to protect the privacy of messages that are stored on its network, it cannot be responsible for the privacy of those messages once they are transmitted to you or to your service provider.

LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
In order to provide visitors with greater value, Swellby may provide links to various third-party websites. Swellby is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our websites nor the information or content contained therein.

THREADED DISCUSSIONS/CHAT ROOMS
Swellby may provide certain users with the opportunity to utilize threaded discussion boards or chat rooms. Please remember that information that you voluntarily disclose in these areas becomes public information that can be collected and used by others. If you post personal information in these areas that are accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. As such, you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these areas.

SECURITY
Swellby uses reasonable industry standard procedures and processes to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information and, from time to time, evaluates new technologies for safeguarding information. However, when you submit information over the Internet, the information may travel over systems not under our control. Others may intercept the information you are sending. To protect your information you should take appropriate steps to guard your password and close your browser when you are away from your computer. If you have access to password-protected features of our website, never share your password with anyone else, notify us promptly if you believe your password security has been breached, and remember to log off before you leave your computer.

COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
If you do not want Swellby to use your information to contact you for marketing or solicitation purposes (excluding notices about your use of our website), you may make this request using the contact information shown below.

QUESTIONS
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to support@swellby.com or by mail at: 68 Jay street, Brooklyn NY

Effective Date: Feb 15, 2017